Update useful.md (#6)
Anastasia-Romanov/lacan-user-guide: useful.md

## invite

- Deletes the command message for no reason whatsoever.

> - Try2win incapable of testing to see if his redirect url works haha this isn't really a useful command if invalid oauth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try2Win4Glory is incapable of testing to see if his redirect uri works haha this isn't really a useful command if invalid oauth
```
